DATAPACK FILE LIST.md, before:

This is a full list of the included Datapacks in the modpack. These are all forced by Global Packs to avoid issues and enforce a load order that doesn't cause problems (Because for some godforsaken reason Minecraft Data and Resource packs don't allow later packs to overwrite ones loaded earlier like how it works with any other modding platform ever made).
This list is NOT in that load order. Entries with a "\*" indicate a datapack custom-made for this modpack, and can be found in the relevant folders in this repository.
Some entries may be duplicated in the Resource Packs list and folder, this is because some are dual packs and need to be loaded as both to load certain types of data properly.

- ATM x MSD [3.2.1].zip
- CobbleCuisineDelight1.1.zip
- Cobblemon Rad Gyms Refurbish.zip
- Cobblemon Sniffer Archaeology v1.1.zip
- CobblemonModdedDrops.zip
- cobblemonoutbreaks++.zip
- CobblemonPokeLoot 1.9.zip
- DPP-HoneyTrees-Standard-Spawns.zip
- Jakotens' Poké-Hats 3.0.zip
- Lost Lore [v1.8].zip
- MC Swords for Honedge Line V2.0.zip
- \* Pizzamon_BCA_CobbleTowns1.1.3_CobbleDollars_v2.zip
- \* Pizzamon_PartingGiftsDrops_v2.zip
- \* Pizzamon_BotanyPotsModule_v1.zip
- \* Pizzamon_ApothicEnchantingModule_v1.zip
- \* Pizzamon_CobbledGacha_Data
- RCT-Badges-CobblemonPokemonBadges-0.15+1.1.2.zip
- Vivillon Pride Patterns v1.0.zip

Commit message:

Export server modlist, changelog placeholders

DATAPACK FILE LIST.md, after:

This is a full list of the included Datapacks in the modpack. These are all forced by Global Packs to avoid issues and enforce a load order that doesn't cause problems (Because for some godforsaken reason Minecraft Data and Resource packs don't allow later packs to overwrite ones loaded earlier like how it works with any other modding platform ever made).
This list is NOT in that load order. Entries with a "\*" indicate a datapack custom-made for this modpack, and can be found in the relevant folders in this repository.
Some entries may be duplicated in the Resource Packs list and folder, this is because some are dual packs and need to be loaded as both to load certain types of data properly.
All Datapacks are included in both the Client and Server files.

- ATM x MSD [3.2.1].zip
- CobbleCuisineDelight1.1.zip
- Cobblemon Rad Gyms Refurbish.zip
- Cobblemon Sniffer Archaeology v1.1.zip
- CobblemonModdedDrops.zip
- cobblemonoutbreaks++.zip
- CobblemonPokeLoot 1.9.zip
- DPP-HoneyTrees-Standard-Spawns.zip
- Jakotens' Poké-Hats 3.0.zip
- Lost Lore [v1.8].zip
- MC Swords for Honedge Line V2.0.zip
- \* Pizzamon_BCA_CobbleTowns1.1.3_CobbleDollars_v2.zip
- \* Pizzamon_PartingGiftsDrops_v2.zip
- \* Pizzamon_BotanyPotsModule_v1.zip
- \* Pizzamon_ApothicEnchantingModule_v1.zip
- \* Pizzamon_CobbledGacha_Data
- RCT-Badges-CobblemonPokemonBadges-0.15+1.1.2.zip
- Vivillon Pride Patterns v1.0.zip
